[docs] Migrate Expo Router docs form home to Guides (#25646)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/project-structure.mdx

> The **App.js** file is the default screen of your project. It is the root file that you'll load after running the development server with `npx expo start`. You can edit this file to see the project update instantly. Generally, this file will contain root-level React Contexts and navigation.

Author: ```suggestion
The **App.js** file is the default screen of your project. It is the root file that loads after running the development server with `npx expo start`. You can edit this file to see the project update instantly. Generally, this file will contain root-level React Contexts and navigation.
```

> > [Expo Router](/router/introduction/) is now available and supports file-based navigation in projects. With Expo Router, the route file will become **index.js** and all the screens in the project will be in the **app** folder.

Reviewer: I know this was already there, but I'm not sure what "the route file" is here. Is it the initial screen?
